x.x.x
		unpatched tileinfo support
		galaxy support
		jj2 support
		custom formats

0.3.5	(current)
done	store and use palette in the TLS
done		revised palette handling, palette once again resides in info model and palette correction works the same as loading (you pick a file).
done	split animation editing into a seperate widget/dock, simplifying TileEditor.
done	clean up dead files
done	split up model functionality among children of TileModel. known regressions:
done		hotkeys
done		animations changed to absolute--breaks editor (replaced)
done?			and tli support
done	animation frame-picker
done		BUG: The frame picker doesn't display anything, and the other tile viewers have no selection highlight
done		May want to re-add preset selection, this time using the starting frame the user chooses.
done		Option to initalize animations in the old way.
done	BUG: animation preview behaves erratically.
done	eliminate duplicate tli opening code
done	BUG: converting an old format set resulted in a tileset of the original size instead of 910.
done	show curent palette
partial	enable loading of graphics from EGALATCH, automatic when opening standard format (need Keen1 LZW)
done	BUG: "New.." doesn't clear tilesetview
done	BUG: opening a file ontop of another doesn't update animation strip
done	overhaul animation preview controls
done	paint mode
done	make all views onto a tile zoomable
done	improve selection highlighter
done	support full workflow with non-palette supporting graphics software
partial	undo support
			add non-tile editing actions
		BUG: after painting a tile, undoing the paint, and turning paint mode off, the tile editor doesn't revert.
done	help system
done	better color editing
done	remove file-properties dialog, add button to animation dock.

		palette preview
		collision indicators in TileSetView
		disable fields that interfere with the slope - top slope = top locked to solid, bottom slope = bottom and high side locked to solid
		copy and paste
		add tilesheet dock and allow copying from it to the curently selected info cell(s) (as either bulk first frame copy or animation?)

0.3.4:
done	FIXME: slope shading too light (varies somewhat by system)
done	tile number indicator
done	BUG: keyboard navigation does not update tileeditor and behaves eratically when using shift, ctrl.
done	more organized editor
done	import/export palettes
done		+turn TileModel::loadPalette() into TileModel::applyPalette()
done	distinct export bitmap icon
done	import animations from old format properly
done	appliable animation presets (connect 'C' key to apply?)
done	an operation to shift animations apropriately to match the old behavior
done	add fix palette to toolbar
done	split toolbar
done	set window icon
1/2		add surface behavior selection for the other sides (used in ckcm).
			-bottom has been added, which is the only extra one used by CKCM currently.

0.3.3:
done	proper collision controls
done	animation preview
done	EXE import
done	bitmap export
done	move TileEditor to dock?
aborted	support for editing old format
done	BUG: The import bitmap function clears the tile data.
done	File dialog should open to last used directory.
done	Window state saved.
done	BUG: importing non-standard palette tilesets doesn't work
done	add Spleen's keyboard commands to TileSetView
done	simplify collision editing some by splitting up fields
done?	BUG: directory not getting saved proeprly during a session on Crunchbang Linux
done	BUG: uppercase file extensions not included for import image dialog
done	BUG: tile behaviors not saved correctly.

0.3.1:
done	TLS behavior plane is now one byte
done	TLS frameCount is now variable (frameCount == 4 || frameCount == 8)
done	file properties dialog?
done	accurate About Box text
done	add import actions to toolbar

0.3.0:
done	BUG: importing a non-16xN image does not work properly because data() assumes 16xN and no conversion is done.
done	BUG: tileview does not update when an image is loaded nor when any seperate files are loaded. Updating the view prefernces jogs it.
done	make the model responsible for holding the gfx and return the tile graphics as DecorationRole for the animation frames
done	make the model responsible for saving/loading, and maintaining version info.
done	merge the anim and info models with fixed frame count, merge TileEditor and AnimEditor
done	implement &New
done	show animation in TileView
done	scaling in TileSetView
done	convert imported image colors.
done	fix handling tilesets that aren't 208px wide.
done	ISSUE: scaled-up drawing is very slow again.
done	modification indicator/close confirmation
done	support for importing the original format
done	FIXME: doing a deep scan just to identify files that all have unique extensions? absurd!
done	maybe open/save should just support everything?
